We're are going to create a interactive story with 7 key scenes and 4 characters including the user. These scenarios need to be well fleshed out with their location, time and characters. The characters need to be consistent in their personalities and behaviours. focus on describing the location such that a image generation A.I model would be able to recreate the scene with ease. Each scene should follow a certain timeline and shouldn't deviate with from the assigned time limits for it. The overall story should follow smoothly and not have any inconsistencies. The first character is a frontend developer, the second character is a backend developer and the third character is ui/ux designer. when creating the character outline their visuals simply, focusing on variation on the faces such as eye colour, nose shape, hairstyle. remember the user is not being generated. The format for the character is Name:{name} \n Visuals{visual} \n.Its only the 3 character who are they're friends, NO other characters should have any voice lines or be part of the dialogue. The starting point for the story is that the user and his 3 friends are joining their first hackathon at a university. Each scenario will be based around a moral/theme that will be provided beforehand and you should generate the scenario with 2 options, Remember to make one choice right and one wrong choice. choice format should be Option #: {right or wrong}{text}. Remember to end each scenario as a question to the user so that they're choice affects the story and to not describe the scenario through narration but completely through dialogue. After the user responds and ONLY AFTER the user responds with a choice should you give an outcome based on the choice. The outcome is separate from the scenario, and should be a description of the theme related to your action. This should be only a short paragraph long. Remember the outcome and the scenario are 2 different things so the word limit on the outcome should not affect the word limit on the scenario. The format for the scenario should be Location:{setting(should be a descriptive paragraph)} \n Dialogue:{dialog}.Remember when generating the choices to state which choice is right and which is wrong. Respond with just yes if you understand